initial nutanix doc updates (#4323)
aws/eks-anywhere: docs/content/en/docs/reference/nutanix/nutanix-prereq.md

* Capacity to deploy 6-10 VMs
* DHCP service or Nutanix IPAM running in your environment in the primary VM network for your workload cluster
* One network in AOS to use for the cluster. EKS Anywhere clusters need access to Prism Central through the network to enable self-managing and storage capabilities.
* A VM image imported into the Prism Image Service for the workload VMs
* User credentials to create VMs and attach networks, etc
* One IP address routable from cluster but excluded from DHCP/IPAM offering. 
  This IP address is to be used as the [Control Plane Endpoint IP]({{< relref "../clusterspec/nutanix/#controlplaneconfigurationendpointhost-required" >}})

  Below are some suggestions to ensure that this IP address is never handed out by your DHCP server. 
 
  You may need to contact your network engineer.
      
   *  Pick an IP address reachable from cluster subnet which is excluded from DHCP range OR
   *  Alter DHCP ranges to leave out an IP address(s) at the top and/or the bottom of the range OR
   *  Create an IP reservation for this IP on your DHCP server. This is usually accomplished by adding 
a dummy mapping of this IP address to a non-existent mac address.

>    *  Add an IP to the IPAM blacklist

Reviewer: feel free to phrase this better without using `blacklist`
```suggestion
   *  Add an IP to the IPAM denylist
```

Each VM will require:

* 2 vCPUs
* 4GB RAM
* 40GB Disk

The administrative machine and the target workload environment will need network access to:

{{% content "./domains.md" %}}

### Nutanix information needed before creating the cluster
You need to get the following information before creating the cluster:

* **Static IP Addresses**: 
You will need one IP address for the management cluster control plane endpoint, and a separate one for the controlplane of each workload cluster you add. 

  Let’s say you are going to have the management cluster and two workload clusters.
For those, you would need three IP addresses, one for each.
All of those addresses will be configured the same way in the configuration file you will generate for each cluster.

>   A static IP address will be used for each control plane VM in your EKS Anywhere cluster.

Reviewer: we only need 1 static IP for one cluster, not 1 for each control plane. I would re-phrase this
```suggestion
  A static IP address will be used for control plane API server HA in each of your EKS Anywhere cluster.
```
